docs(learn): Revise Angular tutorial for v17 (#32701)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/angular_building/index.md

You can use any backend such as [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting), [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/solutions/web-hosting), or [App Engine](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/getting-started/hosting-a-static-website).

### Host locally

For fun you can easily host the built app on your machine using [`http-server`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server) package by running following command:

```bash
npx http-server ./dist/todo/browser/ -o
```

> The command hosts `dist/todo/browser` direcotry on `8080` port. Open URL `http://127.0.0.1:8080` in a web browser to check the app. You can access the app from any machine in your LAN using `http://<server-ip-address>:8080` URL.

Reviewer: I’d say it’s “your computer’s IP address in the local network”. This way, it would be easier to find it. Though http-server exposes it in the console:

```
Available on:
  http://127.0.0.1:8080
  http://192.168.178.23:8080
```

> The command hosts `dist/todo/browser` direcotry on `8080` port. Open URL `http://127.0.0.1:8080` in a web browser to check the app. You can access the app from any machine in your LAN using `http://<server-ip-address>:8080` URL.

Author: Good call, what about:

```suggestion
This command serves the `dist/todo/browser` directory on port `8080` so you can open `http://127.0.0.1:8080` in your browser to see the app running.
The HTTP server also lets you access the app at your computer's IP address from any other device on your local network, and this address is listed under the `127.0.0.1` address in the console.
```

You can use any backend such as [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting), [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/solutions/web-hosting), or [App Engine](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/getting-started/hosting-a-static-website).

### Host locally

> For fun you can easily host the built app on your machine using [`http-server`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server) package by running following command:

Author: ```suggestion
For fun, you can host the built app on your machine using [`http-server`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/http-server) package by running following command after running a build:
```
